## Properties for adding descriptions, notes, and related information directly {#properties-for-adding-descriptions-notes-and-related-information-directly}

**skos:definition** is used to define and describe a Verb (or other xAPI thing) in natural language. It should be left to the creator, along with most of the documentation properties below, though there may be occasions, such as translation, where it makes sense for someone who didn’t create the verb to provide a definition.

**skos:example** connects an xAPI Verb or Activity Type to an example of its use, most likely as a xAPI Statement example. To do that, use a blank node with a **prov:value** holding a JSON representation of the Statement. People other than the creator should feel free to provide examples for use of verbs in new situations.

**skos:historyNote, skos:scopeNote,** & **skos:editorialNote** all have their uses, but are fairly specialized. Some things they cover include: historical information on change of a term’s nature, usage notes regarding scope of application, and information for vocabulary maintainers, respectively. In the unlikely event none of those fit, **skos:note** is your last resort. Most of these should be left to the creator, generally. One reasonable non-creator use would be adding a short **skos:scopeNote** to a referenced verb, giving a brief description of its use in relation to the referencing vocabulary. The **skos:scopeNote** should always include a description of the specialized purpose (e.g. “The IEEE ADB vocabulary uses ADL’s ‘answered’ verb for providing the answer to an interactive question within the eBook or an assessment.”), as there may be quite a few of them for the most often referenced verbs.